hey everyone welcome back to let's play
the city with me sage master 15 and
we're about to kill jack and yes I mean
kill I think I'm gonna tried that just
stall for a break it to mean scores and
shit like that hopefully finishes with a
bang I want to try doing the goddamn up
they go devil yeah okay mine 24
oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh
god oh gosh i hain't death you ready
damn it I can't even get that right
Oh fox x I hit I mean he's good to play
us holy shit if you're funny to the
target
LOL oh now you're supposed two guys oh
my god you are kidding me ah ok come on
er go oh my god sake I was trying to
nevermind oh come on guys posted on ok
now you're gonna die once again Tim see
where that party
lard
ok now I've got your pattern down this
to get um here what are you doing
ok
oh ok I see if I can actually do this
correctly now come on there
when oh look at that Lee okay that's
great
I am so late 117 okay 1337 I mean 117
what I'm out of it I just know like one
I'm happy yeah boy that stings dad
oh come on you're fading already looks
like it I hate you I hated you so much
I've always wished you'd be gone but
deep down what I really wanted was just
your approval
for you to tell me that I've grown
strong yeah looks like the kid will
never grow up that's not my fault I
can't help it I'm your son after all
good I guess you are hey cry-baby you've
grown strong
waiting for sitcom ah it's not coming
okay well then oh don't worry I'll take
good care of this oh right um this tool
comes to him after bidding his father
fair will perhaps proof of the strength
that meets even his father's approval he
hurries on with the shining crystal in
his hands and the true feelings that
were buried and hatred now in his heart
and remembering the dream he had pursued
since his youth about watching his
father's back in the Setting Sun
now way down now oh right this oh hmm
okay nobody myth for me I said oh well
okay 170 ones have any 154 171 51 okay
learn Kyra okay that's good special area
in long that's another summon special
battle piece mom thought about now
saving though they share the same blood
they walk different paths with their
past never meet social at least I can
show you my strength hahaha so you would
willingly defend a trader you and your
ignorance shall return through the boy
it we really need to see that again we
just did sessle's story best crystals
man and about a data data data that of
that here is what I have to say to this
again just for lulz just for the laws Oh
sucks to be back oh well and there's our
shiny new crystal which looks really odd
um
now we're going to be going to the next
big daddy mother of them all good lord
fan boy screams character high cloud and
then we're gonna be doing believe Nick
would be theory on and then of course I
me a night then boy your flight yeah and
then we can go to the big 12 here all
three for having four parts all four
chapters done all that fun stuff so and
tell them guys thanks for watching this
is of course sage master 15 signing out
so see you later